ble_advertising|Connectable Advertising Support
ble_db_discovery|Database Discovery Module
ble_dtm|RF/PHY Testing using DTM commands
ble_racp|Record Access Control Point library
ble_radio_notification|Radio Notifications
ble_services\ble_ancs_c|Apple Notification Service Client
ble_services\ble_ans_c|Alert Notification Service Client
ble_services\ble_bas|Battery Service
ble_services\ble_bas_c|Battery Service Client
ble_services\ble_bps|Blood Pressure Service
ble_services\ble_cscs|Cycling Speed and Cadence Service
ble_services\ble_cts_c|Current Time Service Client
ble_services\ble_dfu|Device Firmware Update Service
ble_services\ble_dis|Device Information Service
ble_services\ble_gls|Glucose Service
ble_services\ble_hids|Human Interface Device Service
ble_services\ble_hrs|Heart Rate Service
ble_services\ble_hrs_c|Heart Rate Service Client
ble_services\ble_hts|Health Thermometer Service
ble_services\ble_ias|Immediate Alert Service
ble_services\ble_ias_c|Immediate Alert Service Client
ble_services\ble_lls|Link Loss Service
ble_services\ble_nus|Nordic UART Service
ble_services\ble_rscs|Running Speed and Cadence Service
ble_services\ble_rscs_c|Running Speed and Cadence Service Client
ble_services\ble_tps|TX Power Service
ble_link_ctx_manager|Ble_Link_CTX_manager
ble_services\ble_ipsp|IPSP Service
nrf_ble_qwr|Nrf_Ble_Qwr
nrf_ble_scan|Nrf_Ble_Scan